---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_client_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_client_gateway (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_client_gateway" "test" {
  connection_type = "ipsec.1"
  public_ip       = "192.0.2.0"
  bgp_asn         = 65000
}

data "numspot_client_gateway" "testdata" {
  ids        = [numspot_client_gateway.test.id]
  depends_on = [numspot_client_gateway.test]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ids` (List of String) ID for ReadClientGateways

### Optional

- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the virtual gateways.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the virtual gateways.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the virtual gateways, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.

### Read-Only

- `bgp_asns` (List of Number) The Autonomous System Number (ASN) used by the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to find the path to your client gateway through the Internet.
- `client_gateways` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_gateways))
- `connection_types` (List of String) The type of communication tunnel used by the client gateway (only `ipsec.1` is supported).
- `public_ips` (List of String) The public IPv4 address of the client gateway (must be a fixed address into a NATed network).
- `states` (List of String) The state of the client gateway (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).

<a id="nestedatt--client_gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_gateways`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadClientGateways

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_gateways--tags))

Read-Only:

- `bgp_asn` (Number) The Autonomous System Number (ASN) used by the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to find the path to your client gateway through the Internet.
- `connection_type` (String) The type of communication tunnel used by the client gateway (only `ipsec.1` is supported).
- `public_ip` (String) The public IPv4 address of the client gateway (must be a fixed address into a NATed network).
- `state` (String) The state of the client gateway (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).

<a id="nestedatt--client_gateways--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_gateways.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
