---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_client_gateways Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_client_gateways (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_client_gateway" "test" {
  connection_type = "ipsec.1"
  public_ip       = "192.0.2.0"
  bgp_asn         = 65000
}

data "numspot_client_gateways" "testdata" {
  ids = [numspot_client_gateway.test.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_client_gateways.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bgp_asns` (List of Number) The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) Autonomous System Numbers (ASNs) of the connections.
- `connection_types` (List of String) The types of communication tunnels used by the client gateways (only `ipsec.1` is supported).
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the client gateways.
- `public_ips` (List of String) The public IPv4 addresses of the client gateways.
- `states` (List of String) The states of the client gateways (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the client gateways.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the client gateways.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the client gateways, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more client gateways. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

Read-Only:

- `bgp_asn` (Number) The Autonomous System Number (ASN) used by the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to find the path to your client gateway through the Internet.
- `connection_type` (String) The type of communication tunnel used by the client gateway (only `ipsec.1` is supported).
- `id` (String) The ID of the client gateway.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IPv4 address of the client gateway (must be a fixed address into a NATed network).
- `state` (String) The state of the client gateway (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
