---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_dhcp_options Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_dhcp_options (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_dhcp_options" "test" {
  domain_name = "the_domain_name"
}

data "numspot_dhcp_options" "testdata" {
  domain_names = [numspot_dhcp_options.test.domain_name]
}

resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_dhcp_options.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `default` (Boolean) If true, lists all default DHCP options set. If false, lists all non-default DHCP options set.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) The IPs of the domain name servers used for the DHCP options sets.
- `domain_names` (List of String) The domain names used for the DHCP options sets.
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the DHCP options sets.
- `log_servers` (List of String) The IPs of the log servers used for the DHCP options sets.
- `ntp_servers` (List of String) The IPs of the Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers used for the DHCP options sets.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the DHCP options sets.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the DHCP options sets.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the DHCP options sets, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more DHCP options sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Boolean) If true, the DHCP options set is a default one. If false, it is not.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) One or more IPs for the domain name servers.
- `id` (String) The ID of the DHCP options set.
- `log_servers` (List of String) One or more IPs for the log servers.
- `ntp_servers` (List of String) One or more IPs for the NTP servers.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the DHCP options set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
