---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_internet_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_internet_gateway (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) IDs for ReadInternetServices
- `link_states` (List of String) The current states of the attachments between the Internet services and the Nets (only available, if the Internet gateway is attached to a Net).
- `link_vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Nets the Internet services are attached to.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the NAT services.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the NAT services.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the NAT services, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.

### Read-Only

- `internet_gateways` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internet_gateways))

<a id="nestedatt--internet_gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internet_gateways`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadInternetServices

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internet_gateways--tags))

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The state of the attachment of the Internet service to the Net (always `available`).
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Net attached to the Internet service.

<a id="nestedatt--internet_gateways--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internet_gateways.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
