---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_internet_gateways Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_internet_gateways (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "vpc" {
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
  tags = [{
    key   = "name"
    value = "vpc"
  }]
}

resource "numspot_internet_gateway" "internet-gateway" {
  vpc_id = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
}

data "numspot_internet_gateways" "datasource-internet-gateway" {
  ids = [numspot_internet_gateway.internet-gateway.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_internet_gateways.datasource-internet-gateway.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Internet gateways.
- `link_states` (List of String) The current states of the attachments between the Internet gateways and the Vpcs (only `available`, if the Internet gateway is attached to a Vpc).
- `link_vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs the Internet gateways are attached to.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the Internet gateways.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the Internet gateways.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the Internet gateways, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more Internet gateways. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Internet gateway.
- `state` (String) The state of the attachment of the Internet gateway to the Vpc (always `available`).
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the Internet gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc attached to the Internet gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
