---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_kubernetes_nodepools Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_kubernetes_nodepools (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Cluster

### Optional

- `page` (Attributes) Paginated request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--page))

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `page`

Optional:

- `next_token` (String) A page token received from a previous call. Provide this to retrieve the subsequent page.
- `size` (Number) The maximum number of items to return. The service may return fewer than this value.


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) List of all Availability Zones name.
- `id` (String) A string representing uuid.
- `name` (String) A string that inherits rules from StrictSlug: lowercase letters, digits, hyphens, and underscores, and must start and end with a letter or digit.
- `node_profile` (String) List of worker node profile names.
- `replicas` (Number) Desired number of this node replicas.
- `root_disk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--root_disk))
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--root_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.root_disk`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) The number of IOPS to allocate to the volume.
- `size` (Number) A volume size in GiB
- `type` (String) Types of storage volumes available


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String)
- `state` (String)
