---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_load_balancers Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_load_balancers (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "vpc" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_subnet" "subnet" {
  vpc_id   = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
}

resource "numspot_load_balancer" "load-balancer" {
  name = "elb"
  listeners = [
    {
      backend_port           = 80
      load_balancer_port     = 80
      load_balancer_protocol = "TCP"

    }
  ]
  subnets = [numspot_subnet.subnet.id]
  type    = "internal"
}

data "numspot_load_balancers" "datasource-load-balancer" {
  load_balancer_names = [numspot_load_balancer.load-balancer.name]
}

resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_load_balancers.datasource-load-balancer.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `load_balancer_names` (List of String) The names of the load balancers.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more load balancers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `application_sticky_cookie_policies` (Attributes List) The stickiness policies defined for the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--application_sticky_cookie_policies))
- `availability_zone_names` (List of String) The ID of the Subregion in which the load balancer was created.
- `backend_ips` (List of String) One or more public IPs of back-end VMs.
- `backend_vm_ids` (List of String) One or more IDs of back-end VMs for the load balancer.
- `dns_name` (String) The DNS name of the load balancer.
- `health_check` (Attributes) Information about the health check configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--health_check))
- `listeners` (Attributes List) The listeners for the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--listeners))
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer.
- `public_ip` (String) (internet-facing only) The public IP associated with the load balancer.
- `secured_cookies` (Boolean) Whether secure cookies are enabled for the load balancer.
- `security_groups` (List of String) One or more IDs of security groups for the load balancers. Valid only for load balancers in a Vpc.
- `sticky_cookie_policies` (Attributes List) The policies defined for the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--sticky_cookie_policies))
- `subnets` (List of String) The ID of the Subnet in which the load balancer was created.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of load balancer. Valid only for load balancers in a Vpc.<br />
If `LoadBalancerType` is `internet-facing`, the load balancer has a public DNS name that resolves to a public IP.<br />
If `LoadBalancerType` is `internal`, the load balancer has a public DNS name that resolves to a private IP.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc for the load balancer.

<a id="nestedatt--items--application_sticky_cookie_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.application_sticky_cookie_policies`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the application cookie used for stickiness.
- `policy_name` (String) The mnemonic name for the policy being created. The name must be unique within a set of policies for this load balancer.


<a id="nestedatt--items--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.health_check`

Read-Only:

- `check_interval` (Number) The number of seconds between two requests (between `5` and `600` both included).
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) The number of consecutive successful requests before considering the VM as healthy (between `2` and `10` both included).
- `path` (String) If you use the HTTP or HTTPS protocols, the request URL path.
- `port` (Number) The port number (between `1` and `65535`, both included).
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the URL of the VM (`HTTP` \| `HTTPS` \| `TCP` \| `SSL`).
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum waiting time for a response before considering the VM as unhealthy, in seconds (between `2` and `60` both included).
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) The number of consecutive failed requests before considering the VM as unhealthy (between `2` and `10` both included).


<a id="nestedatt--items--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.listeners`

Read-Only:

- `backend_port` (Number) The port on which the back-end VM is listening (between `1` and `65535`, both included).
- `backend_protocol` (String) The protocol for routing traffic to back-end VMs (`HTTP` \| `HTTPS` \| `TCP` \| `SSL`).
- `load_balancer_port` (Number) The port on which the load balancer is listening (between `1` and `65535`, both included).
- `load_balancer_protocol` (String) The routing protocol (`HTTP` \| `HTTPS` \| `TCP` \| `SSL`).
- `policy_names` (List of String) The names of the policies. If there are no policies enabled, the list is empty.
- `server_certificate_id` (String) The NumSpot Resource Name of the server certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--items--sticky_cookie_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.sticky_cookie_policies`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_expiration_period` (Number) The time period, in seconds, after which the cookie should be considered stale.<br />
If `1`, the stickiness session lasts for the duration of the browser session.
- `policy_name` (String) The name of the stickiness policy.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
