---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_nat_gateways Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_nat_gateways (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the NAT services.
- `states` (List of String) The states of the NAT services (pending | available | deleting | deleted).
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Subnets in which the NAT services are.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the NAT services.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the NAT services.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the NAT services, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.
- `vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Nets in which the NAT services are.

### Read-Only

- `nat_gateways` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_gateways))

<a id="nestedatt--nat_gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_gateways`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadNatServices

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_gateways--tags))

Read-Only:

- `public_ips` (Attributes List) Information about the public IP or IPs associated with the NAT service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_gateways--public_ips))
- `state` (String) The state of the NAT service (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the Subnet in which the NAT service is.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Net in which the NAT service is.

<a id="nestedatt--nat_gateways--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_gateways.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--nat_gateways--public_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_gateways.public_ips`

Read-Only:

- `public_ip` (String) The public IP associated with the NAT service.
- `public_ip_id` (String) The allocation ID of the public IP associated with the NAT service.
