---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_postgres_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_postgres_clusters (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_postgres_cluster" "postgres-cluster" {
  name = "terraform-resource"
  user = "team.terraform"
  node_configuration = {
    vcpu_count        = 2
    performance_level = "MEDIUM"
    memory_size_gi_b  = 2
  }
  automatic_backup = false
  volume = {
    type      = "IO1",
    iops      = 200,
    size_gi_b = 10
  }
  allowed_ip_ranges = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
}

data "numspot_postgres_clusters" "postgres-clusters" {
  depends_on = [numspot_postgres_cluster.postgres-cluster]
}

resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_postgres_clusters.postgres-clusters.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_ip_ranges` (List of String)
- `automatic_backup` (Boolean) Whether automatic backups are enabled for this cluster.
- `available_operations` (List of String) List of operation names
- `created_on` (String) When the cluster has been created.
- `error_reason` (String) Detailed information regarding what went wrong, available when status is Error.
- `host` (String) Where connections to the cluster must be made to.
- `id` (String) A cluster unique identifier.
- `last_operation_name` (String) Name of an operation
- `last_operation_result` (String) Result of an operation
- `maintenance_schedule` (Attributes) Postgres maintenance schedule object. It describes the upcoming maintenance operation for a PostgreSQL cluster, including its timing, type, and potential impact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--maintenance_schedule))
- `name` (String) A strict slug: starts and ends with an alphanumeric character, allows hyphens or underscores in between but not consecutively or at the edges.
- `node_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration used to provision the cluster nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--node_configuration))
- `port` (Number) On which port connections to the host must be made.
- `private_host` (String) Where connections to the cluster must be made for interconnected services.
- `status` (String) The last known status of a cluster.

- CREATING: means the cluster is being created.
- CONFIGURING: means the cluster is being configured according to requested changes.
- READY: means the cluster is available and accepts connections.
- FAILED: means that the cluster creation has failed, see errorMessage for details.
- DELETING: means the cluster has been marked for deletion, it will be deleted soon.
- DELETED: means the cluster has been deleted successfully, it will disappear from query and search results soon.
- ERROR: means that an operation went wrong on the cluster, see errorMessage for details.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to identify resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `user` (String) The name of the user with administration privileges on the cluster.
- `volume` (Attributes) Common properties to all volume types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--volume))
- `vpc_cidr` (String) The CIDR of the network where the cluster will be created.

**Warning**: The CIDR must be in the following three blocks:
- 10.*.0.0/16
- 172.(16-31).0.0/16
- 192.168.0.0/16
The mask mut not be greater than /24.

<a id="nestedatt--items--maintenance_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.maintenance_schedule`

Read-Only:

- `begin_at` (String) The start date and time of the maintenance window, in ISO 8601 format.
- `end_at` (String) The end date and time of the maintenance window, in ISO 8601 format.
- `potential_impact` (String) A description of the potential impact on the cluster's availability and performance during the maintenance window.
- `type` (String) The type of maintenance operation being performed (e.g., software upgrade, hardware replacement).


<a id="nestedatt--items--node_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.node_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `memory_size_gi_b` (Number) The allocated memory size, in GiB.
- `performance_level` (String) The performance level of the VCPUs.

- HIGHEST: for computationally intensive applications
- HIGH: the performance level may fluctuate slightly over time
- MEDIUM: the performance level may fluctuate moderately over time
- `vcpu_count` (Number) The number of Virtual CPU provisioned.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key for the tag, must be unique amongst all tags associated with a given resource.
- `value` (String) The value associated with the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--items--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.volume`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) The number of IOPS to allocate to the volume.
- `size_gi_b` (Number) The size of the volume in GiB.
- `type` (String) The type of the volume.
