---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_public_ips Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_public_ips (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "vpc" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_internet_gateway" "internet_gateway" {
  vpc_id     = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  depends_on = [numspot_nic.nic]
}

resource "numspot_subnet" "subnet" {
  vpc_id   = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
}

resource "numspot_nic" "nic" {
  subnet_id = numspot_subnet.subnet.id
}

resource "numspot_public_ip" "public_ip" {
  nic_id     = numspot_nic.nic.id
  depends_on = [numspot_internet_gateway.internet_gateway]
}

data "numspot_public_ips" "public_ip_data_source" {
  ids = [numspot_public_ip.public_ip.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the public IPs.
- `link_public_ip_ids` (List of String) The IDs representing the associations of public IPs with VMs or NICs.
- `nic_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the NICs.
- `private_ips` (List of String) The private IPs associated with the public IPs.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the public IPs.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the public IPs.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the public IPs, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.
- `vm_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VMs.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more public IPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The allocation ID of the public IP.
- `link_public_ip_id` (String) (Required in a Vpc) The ID representing the association of the public IP with the VM or the NIC.
- `nic_id` (String) The ID of the NIC the public IP is associated with (if any).
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP associated with the public IP.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the public IP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of the VM the public IP is associated with (if any).

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
