---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_public_ip Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_public_ip (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the public IPs.
- `link_public_ip_ids` (List of String) The IDs representing the associations of public IPs with VMs or NICs.
- `nic_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the NICs.
- `private_ips` (List of String) The private IPs associated with the public IPs.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the public IPs.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the public IPs.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the public IPs, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.
- `vm_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VMs.

### Read-Only

- `public_ips` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_ips))

<a id="nestedatt--public_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_ips`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadPublicIps

Read-Only:

- `link_public_ip_id` (String) (Required in a Net) The ID representing the association of the public IP with the VM or the NIC.
- `nic_id` (String) The ID of the NIC the public IP is associated with (if any).
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP associated with the public IP.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the public IP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_ips--tags))
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of the VM the public IP is associated with (if any).

<a id="nestedatt--public_ips--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_ips.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
