---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_route_tables Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_route_tables (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "net" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_subnet" "subnet" {
  vpc_id   = numspot_vpc.net.id
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
}

resource "numspot_internet_gateway" "test" {
  vpc_id = numspot_vpc.net.id
}

resource "numspot_route_table" "test" {
  vpc_id    = numspot_vpc.net.id
  subnet_id = numspot_subnet.subnet.id
  routes = [
    {
      destination_ip_range = "0.0.0.0/0"
      gateway_id           = numspot_internet_gateway.test.id
    }
  ]
}

data "numspot_route_tables" "testdata" {
  ids = [numspot_route_table.test.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_route_tables.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the route tables.
- `link_route_table_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the route tables involved in the associations.
- `link_route_table_link_route_table_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the associations between the route tables and the Subnets.
- `link_route_table_main` (Boolean) If true, the route tables are the main ones for their Vpcs.
- `link_subnet_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Subnets involved in the associations.
- `route_creation_methods` (List of String) The methods used to create a route.
- `route_destination_ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP ranges specified in routes in the tables.
- `route_destination_service_ids` (List of String) The service IDs specified in routes in the tables.
- `route_gateway_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the gateways specified in routes in the tables.
- `route_nat_gateway_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the NAT gateways specified in routes in the tables.
- `route_states` (List of String) The states of routes in the route tables (always `active`).
- `route_vm_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VMs specified in routes in the tables.
- `route_vpc_peering_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpc peerings specified in routes in the tables.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the route tables.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the route tables.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the route tables, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.
- `vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs for the route tables.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more route tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the route table.
- `link_route_tables` (Attributes List) One or more associations between the route table and Subnets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--link_route_tables))
- `route_propagating_virtual_gateways` (Attributes List) Information about virtual gateways propagating routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--route_propagating_virtual_gateways))
- `routes` (Attributes List) One or more routes in the route table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--routes))
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the route table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc for the route table.

<a id="nestedatt--items--link_route_tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.link_route_tables`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the association between the route table and the Subnet.
- `main` (Boolean) If true, the route table is the main one.
- `route_table_id` (String) The ID of the route table.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the Subnet.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc.


<a id="nestedatt--items--route_propagating_virtual_gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.route_propagating_virtual_gateways`

Read-Only:

- `virtual_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the virtual gateway.


<a id="nestedatt--items--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.routes`

Read-Only:

- `creation_method` (String) The method used to create the route.
- `destination_ip_range` (String) The IP range used for the destination match, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/24`).
- `destination_service_id` (String) The ID of the NumSpot service.
- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Internet gateway or virtual gateway attached to the Vpc.
- `nat_gateway_id` (String) The ID of a NAT gateway attached to the Vpc.
- `nic_id` (String) The ID of the NIC.
- `state` (String) The state of a route in the route table (always `active`).
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of a VM specified in a route in the table.
- `vpc_peering_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc peering.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
