---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_security_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_security_groups (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "net" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_security_group" "test" {
  net_id      = numspot_vpc.net.id
  name        = "group name"
  description = "this is a security group"
  outbound_rules = [
    {
      from_port_range = 80
      to_port_range   = 80
      ip_ranges       = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
      ip_protocol     = "tcp"
    },
    {
      from_port_range = 443
      to_port_range   = 443
      ip_ranges       = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
      ip_protocol     = "tcp"
    }
  ]
}

data "numspot_security_groups" "testdata" {
  ids        = [numspot_security_group.test.id]
  depends_on = [numspot_security_group.test]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_security_groups.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `descriptions` (List of String) The description of the security group.
- `ids` (List of String) The ID of the security group.
- `inbound_rules_account_ids` (List of String) The account ID that owns the source or destination security group.
- `inbound_rules_from_port_ranges` (List of Number) The beginning of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.
- `inbound_rules_rule_protocols` (List of String) The IP protocol name (`tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `-1` for all protocols). By default, `-1`. In a Net, this can also be an IP protocol number. For more information, see the [IANA.org website](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
- `inbound_rules_security_group_ids` (List of String) The ID of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.
- `inbound_rules_to_port_ranges` (List of Number) The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code number.
- `names` (List of String) The name of the security group.
- `outbound_rules_account_ids` (List of String) The account ID that owns the source or destination security group.
- `outbound_rules_from_port_ranges` (List of Number) The beginning of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.
- `outbound_rules_rule_protocols` (List of String) The IP protocol name (`tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `-1` for all protocols). By default, `-1`. In a Net, this can also be an IP protocol number. For more information, see the [IANA.org website](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
- `outbound_rules_security_group_ids` (List of String) The ID of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.
- `outbound_rules_to_port_ranges` (List of Number) The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code number.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the Security Groups.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the Security Groups.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the Security Groups, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.
- `vpc_ids` (List of String) The ID of the Net for the security group.

### Read-Only

- `inbound_rules_ip_ranges` (List of String) One or more IP ranges for the security group rules, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `outbound_rules_ip_ranges` (List of String) One or more IP ranges for the security group rules, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadSecurityGroups

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the security group.
- `inbound_rules` (Attributes Set) The inbound rules associated with the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--inbound_rules))
- `name` (String) The name of the security group.
- `outbound_rules` (Attributes Set) The outbound rules associated with the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--outbound_rules))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Net for the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--items--inbound_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.inbound_rules`

Read-Only:

- `from_port_range` (Number) The beginning of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol name (`tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `-1` for all protocols). By default, `-1`. In a Net, this can also be an IP protocol number. For more information, see the [IANA.org website](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) One or more IP ranges for the security group rules, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `security_groups_members` (Attributes List) Information about one or more source or destination security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--inbound_rules--security_groups_members))
- `service_ids` (List of String) One or more service IDs to allow traffic from a Net to access the corresponding OUTSCALE services. For more information, see [ReadNetAccessPointServices](#readnetaccesspointservices).
- `to_port_range` (Number) The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code number.

<a id="nestedatt--items--inbound_rules--security_groups_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.inbound_rules.security_groups_members`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID that owns the source or destination security group.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.



<a id="nestedatt--items--outbound_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.outbound_rules`

Read-Only:

- `from_port_range` (Number) The beginning of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol name (`tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `-1` for all protocols). By default, `-1`. In a Net, this can also be an IP protocol number. For more information, see the [IANA.org website](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) One or more IP ranges for the security group rules, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `security_groups_members` (Attributes List) Information about one or more source or destination security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--outbound_rules--security_groups_members))
- `service_ids` (List of String) One or more service IDs to allow traffic from a Net to access the corresponding OUTSCALE services. For more information, see [ReadNetAccessPointServices](#readnetaccesspointservices).
- `to_port_range` (Number) The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code number.

<a id="nestedatt--items--outbound_rules--security_groups_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.outbound_rules.security_groups_members`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID that owns the source or destination security group.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.
