---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_snapshots Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_snapshots (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_volume" "test" {
  type                   = "standard"
  size                   = 11
  availability_zone_name = "cloudgouv-eu-west-1a"
}

resource "numspot_snapshot" "test" {
  volume_id = numspot_volume.test.id
}

data "numspot_snapshots" "testdata" {
  ids = [numspot_snapshot.test.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_snapshots.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `descriptions` (List of String) The descriptions of the snapshots.
- `from_creation_date` (String) The beginning of the time period, in ISO 8601 date-time format (for example, `2020-06-14T00:00:00.000Z`).
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the snapshots.
- `is_public` (Boolean) If true, lists all public volumes. If false, lists all private volumes.
- `progresses` (List of Number) The progresses of the snapshots, as a percentage.
- `states` (List of String) The states of the snapshots (`in-queue` \| `completed` \| `error`).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the snapshots.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the snapshots.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the snapshots, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.
- `to_creation_date` (String) The end of the time period, in ISO 8601 date-time format (for example, `2020-06-30T00:00:00.000Z`).
- `volume_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the volumes used to create the snapshots.
- `volume_sizes` (List of Number) The sizes of the volumes used to create the snapshots, in gibibytes (GiB).

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more snapshots and their permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

Read-Only:

- `access` (Attributes) Permissions for the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--access))
- `creation_date` (String) The date and time of creation of the snapshot.
- `description` (String) The description of the snapshot.
- `id` (String) The ID of the snapshot.
- `progress` (Number) The progress of the snapshot, as a percentage.
- `state` (String) The state of the snapshot (`in-queue` \| `completed` \| `error`).
- `volume_id` (String) The ID of the volume used to create the snapshot.
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume used to create the snapshot, in gibibytes (GiB).

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--items--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.access`

Read-Only:

- `is_public` (Boolean) A global permission for all accounts.<br />
(Request) Set this parameter to true to make the resource public (if the parent parameter is `Additions`) or to make the resource private (if the parent parameter is `Removals`).<br />
(Response) If true, the resource is public. If false, the resource is private.
