---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_subnets Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_subnets (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "vpc" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_subnet" "subnet" {
  vpc_id   = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
}

data "numspot_subnets" "datasource-subnet" {
  vpc_ids    = [numspot_vpc.vpc.id]
  depends_on = [numspot_subnet.subnet]
}

resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_subnet.datasource-subnet.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `availability_zone_names` (List of String) The names of the Subregions in which the Subnets are located.
- `available_ips_counts` (List of Number) The number of available IPs.
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Subnets.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP ranges in the Subnets, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `states` (List of String) The states of the Subnets (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleted`).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the Subnets.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the Subnets.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the Subnets, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.
- `vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs in which the Subnets are.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more Subnets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_name` (String) The name of the Subregion in which the Subnet is located.
- `available_ips_count` (Number) The number of available IPs in the Subnets.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Subnet.
- `ip_range` (String) The IP range in the Subnet, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `map_public_ip_on_launch` (Boolean) If true, a public IP is assigned to the network interface cards (NICs) created in the specified Subnet.
- `state` (String) The state of the Subnet (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleted`).
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the Subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc in which the Subnet is.

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
