---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_virtual_gateways Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_virtual_gateways (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "test" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_virtual_gateway" "test" {
  connection_type = "ipsec.1"
  vpc_id          = numspot_vpc.test.id
}

data "numspot_virtual_gateways" "testdata" {
  ids = [numspot_virtual_gateway.test.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_virtual_gateways.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connection_types` (List of String) The types of the virtual gateways (only `ipsec.1` is supported).
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the virtual gateways.
- `link_states` (List of String) The current states of the attachments between the virtual gateways and the Vpcs (`attaching` \| `attached` \| `detaching` \| `detached`).
- `link_vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs the virtual gateways are attached to.
- `states` (List of String) The states of the virtual gateways (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the virtual gateways.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the virtual gateways.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the virtual gateways, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more virtual gateways. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

Read-Only:

- `connection_type` (String) The type of VPN connection supported by the virtual gateway (only `ipsec.1` is supported).
- `id` (String) The ID of the virtual gateway.
- `state` (String) The state of the virtual gateway (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).
- `vpc_to_virtual_gateway_links` (Attributes List) the Vpc to which the virtual gateway is attached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vpc_to_virtual_gateway_links))

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--items--vpc_to_virtual_gateway_links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vpc_to_virtual_gateway_links`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The state of the attachment (`attaching` \| `attached` \| `detaching` \| `detached`).
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc to which the virtual gateway is attached.
