---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_vms Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_vms (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "vpc" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_subnet" "subnet" {
  vpc_id                 = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  ip_range               = "10.101.1.0/24"
  availability_zone_name = "cloudgouv-eu-west-1a"
}

resource "numspot_vm" "test" {
  image_id  = "ami-0b7df82c"
  vm_type   = "ns-cus6-2c4r"
  subnet_id = numspot_subnet.subnet.id

}

data "numspot_vms" "testdata" {
  ids = [numspot_vm.test.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_vms.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `architectures` (List of String) The architectures of the VMs (`i386` \| `x86_64`).
- `availability_zone_names` (List of String) The names of the Subregions of the VMs.
- `block_device_mapping_delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) Whether the BSU volumes are deleted when terminating the VMs.
- `block_device_mapping_device_names` (List of String) The device names for the BSU volumes (in the format `/dev/sdX`, `/dev/sdXX`, `/dev/xvdX`, or `/dev/xvdXX`).
- `block_device_mapping_states` (List of String) The states for the BSU volumes (`attaching` \| `attached` \| `detaching` \| `detached`).
- `block_device_mapping_volume_ids` (List of String) The volume IDs of the BSU volumes.
- `client_tokens` (List of String) The idempotency tokens provided when launching the VMs.
- `ids` (List of String) One or more IDs of VMs.
- `image_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the OMIs used to launch the VMs.
- `is_source_dest_checked` (Boolean) Whether the source/destination checking is enabled (true) or disabled (false).
- `keypair_names` (List of String) The names of the keypairs used when launching the VMs.
- `launch_numbers` (List of Number) The numbers for the VMs when launching a group of several VMs (for example, `0`, `1`, `2`, and so on).
- `lifecycles` (List of String) Whether the VMs are Spot Instances (spot).
- `nic_availability_zone_names` (List of String) The Subregions where the NICs are located.
- `nic_descriptions` (List of String) The descriptions of the NICs.
- `nic_is_source_dest_checked` (Boolean) Whether the source/destination checking is enabled (true) or disabled (false).
- `nic_link_nic_delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) Whether the NICs are deleted when the VMs they are attached to are deleted.
- `nic_link_nic_device_numbers` (List of Number) The device numbers the NICs are attached to.
- `nic_link_nic_link_nic_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the NIC attachments.
- `nic_link_nic_states` (List of String) The states of the attachments.
- `nic_link_nic_vm_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VMs the NICs are attached to.
- `nic_link_public_ip_link_public_ip_ids` (List of String) The association IDs returned when the public IPs were associated with the NICs.
- `nic_link_public_ip_public_ip_ids` (List of String) The allocation IDs returned when the public IPs were allocated to their accounts.
- `nic_link_public_ip_public_ips` (List of String) The public IPs associated with the NICs.
- `nic_mac_addresses` (List of String) The Media Access Control (MAC) addresses of the NICs.
- `nic_nic_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the NICs.
- `nic_private_ips_link_public_ip_ids` (List of String) The public IPs associated with the private IPs.
- `nic_private_ips_primary_ip` (Boolean) Whether the private IPs are the primary IPs associated with the NICs.
- `nic_private_ips_private_ips` (List of String) The private IPs of the NICs.
- `nic_security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the security groups associated with the NICs.
- `nic_security_group_names` (List of String) The names of the security groups associated with the NICs.
- `nic_states` (List of String) The states of the NICs (`available` \| `in-use`).
- `nic_subnet_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Subnets for the NICs.
- `nic_vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs where the NICs are located.
- `platforms` (List of String) The platforms. Use windows if you have Windows VMs. Otherwise, leave this filter blank.
- `private_ips` (List of String) The private IPs of the VMs.
- `product_codes` (List of String) The product codes associated with the Image used to create the VMs.
- `public_ips` (List of String) The public IPs of the VMs.
- `reservation_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the reservation of the VMs, created every time you launch VMs. These reservation IDs can be associated with several VMs when you lauch a group of VMs using the same launch request.
- `root_device_names` (List of String) The names of the root devices for the VMs (for example, `/dev/sda1`)
- `root_device_types` (List of String) The root devices types used by the VMs (always `ebs`)
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the security groups for the VMs (only in the public Cloud).
- `security_group_names` (List of String) The names of the security groups for the VMs (only in the public Cloud).
- `state_reason_codes` (List of Number) The reason codes for the state changes.
- `state_reason_messages` (List of String) The messages describing the state changes.
- `state_reasons` (List of String) The reasons explaining the current states of the VMs. This filter is like the `StateReasonCodes` one.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Subnets for the VMs.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the VMs.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the VMs.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the VMs, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.
- `tenancies` (List of String) The tenancies of the VMs (`dedicated` \| `default` \| `host`).
- `types` (List of String) The NumSpot VM types.
- `vm_security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the security groups for the VMs.
- `vm_security_group_names` (List of String) The names of the security group for the VMs.
- `vm_state_codes` (List of Number) The state codes of the VMs: `-1` (quarantine), `0` (pending), `16` (running), `32` (shutting-down), `48` (terminated), `64` (stopping), and `80` (stopped).
- `vm_state_names` (List of String) The state names of the VMs (`pending` \| `running` \| `stopping` \| `stopped` \| `shutting-down` \| `terminated` \| `quarantine`).
- `vpc_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs in which the VMs are running.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more VMs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `architecture` (String) The architecture of the VM (`i386` \| `x86_64`).
- `block_device_mappings` (Attributes List) The block device mapping of the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--block_device_mappings))
- `bsu_optimized` (Boolean) This parameter is not available. It is present in our API for the sake of historical compatibility with AWS.
- `client_token` (String) The idempotency token provided when launching the VM.
- `creation_date` (String) The date and time of creation of the VM.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) If true, you cannot delete the VM unless you change this parameter back to false.
- `hypervisor` (String) The hypervisor type of the VMs (`ovm` \| `xen`).
- `id` (String) The ID of the VM.
- `image_id` (String) The ID of the Image used to create the VM.
- `initiated_shutdown_behavior` (String) The VM behavior when you stop it. If set to `stop`, the VM stops. If set to `restart`, the VM stops then automatically restarts. If set to `terminate`, the VM stops and is deleted.
- `is_source_dest_checked` (Boolean) (Vpc only) If true, the source/destination check is enabled. If false, it is disabled. This value must be false for a NAT VM to perform network address translation (NAT) in a Vpc.
- `keypair_name` (String) The name of the keypair used when launching the VM.
- `launch_number` (Number) The number for the VM when launching a group of several VMs (for example, `0`, `1`, `2`, and so on).
- `nested_virtualization` (Boolean) If true, nested virtualization is enabled. If false, it is disabled.
- `nics` (Attributes List) (Vpc only) The network interface cards (NICs) the VMs are attached to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--nics))
- `os_family` (String) Indicates the operating system (OS) of the VM.
- `performance` (String) The performance of the VM (`medium` \| `high` \|  `highest`).
- `placement` (Attributes) Information about the placement of the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--placement))
- `private_dns_name` (String) The name of the private DNS.
- `private_ip` (String) The primary private IP of the VM.
- `product_codes` (List of String) The product codes associated with the Image used to create the VM.
- `public_dns_name` (String) The name of the public DNS.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP of the VM.
- `reservation_id` (String) The reservation ID of the VM.
- `root_device_name` (String) The name of the root device for the VM (for example, `/dev/sda1`).
- `root_device_type` (String) The type of root device used by the VM (always `bsu`).
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) One or more security groups associated with the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--security_groups))
- `state` (String) The state of the VM (`pending` \| `running` \| `stopping` \| `stopped` \| `shutting-down` \| `terminated` \| `quarantine`).
- `state_reason` (String) The reason explaining the current state of the VM.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the Subnet for the VM.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of VM.
- `user_data` (String) The Base64-encoded MIME user data.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc in which the VM is running.

<a id="nestedatt--items--block_device_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.block_device_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `bsu` (Attributes) Information about the created BSU volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--block_device_mappings--bsu))
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device.

<a id="nestedatt--items--block_device_mappings--bsu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.block_device_mappings.bsu`

Read-Only:

- `delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) If true, the volume is deleted when terminating the VM. If false, the volume is not deleted when terminating the VM.
- `link_date` (String) The date and time of attachment of the volume to the VM, in ISO 8601 date-time format.
- `state` (String) The state of the volume.
- `volume_id` (String) The ID of the volume.



<a id="nestedatt--items--nics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.nics`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the NIC.
- `is_source_dest_checked` (Boolean) (Vpc only) If true, the source/destination check is enabled. If false, it is disabled. This value must be false for a NAT VM to perform network address translation (NAT) in a Vpc.
- `link_nic` (Attributes) Information about the network interface card (NIC). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--nics--link_nic))
- `mac_address` (String) The Media Access Control (MAC) address of the NIC.
- `nic_id` (String) The ID of the NIC.
- `nic_link_public_ip` (Attributes) Information about the public IP associated with the NIC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--nics--nic_link_public_ip))
- `nic_security_groups` (Attributes List) One or more IDs of security groups for the NIC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--nics--nic_security_groups))
- `private_dns_name` (String) The name of the private DNS.
- `private_ips` (Attributes List) The private IP or IPs of the NIC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--nics--private_ips))
- `state` (String) The state of the NIC (`available` \| `attaching` \| `in-use` \| `detaching`).
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the Subnet for the NIC.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc for the NIC.

<a id="nestedatt--items--nics--link_nic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.nics.link_nic`

Read-Only:

- `delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) If true, the NIC is deleted when the VM is terminated.
- `device_number` (Number) The device index for the NIC attachment (between `1` and `7`, both included).
- `link_nic_id` (String) The ID of the NIC to attach.
- `state` (String) The state of the attachment (`attaching` \| `attached` \| `detaching` \| `detached`).


<a id="nestedatt--items--nics--nic_link_public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.nics.nic_link_public_ip`

Read-Only:

- `public_dns_name` (String) The name of the public DNS.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP associated with the NIC.


<a id="nestedatt--items--nics--nic_security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.nics.nic_security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group.
- `security_group_name` (String) The name of the security group.


<a id="nestedatt--items--nics--private_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.nics.private_ips`

Read-Only:

- `is_primary` (Boolean) If true, the IP is the primary private IP of the NIC.
- `private_dns_name` (String) The name of the private DNS.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP.
- `private_ip_link_public_ip` (Attributes) Information about the public IP associated with the NIC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--nics--private_ips--private_ip_link_public_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--items--nics--private_ips--private_ip_link_public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.nics.private_ips.private_ip_link_public_ip`

Read-Only:

- `public_dns_name` (String) The name of the public DNS.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP associated with the NIC.




<a id="nestedatt--items--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.placement`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_name` (String) The name of the Subregion. If you specify this parameter, you must not specify the `Nics` parameter.
- `tenancy` (String) The tenancy of the VM (`default`, `dedicated`, or a dedicated group ID).


<a id="nestedatt--items--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group.
- `security_group_name` (String) The name of the security group.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
