---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_volumes Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_volumes (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_volume" "test" {
  type                   = "standard"
  size                   = 11
  availability_zone_name = "cloudgouv-eu-west-1a"
}

data "numspot_volumes" "datasource_test" {
  ids = [numspot_volume.test.id]
}
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_volumes.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `availability_zone_names` (List of String) The names of the Subregions in which the volumes were created.
- `creation_dates` (List of String) The dates and times of creation of the volumes, in ISO 8601 date-time format (for example, `2020-06-30T00:00:00.000Z`).
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the volumes.
- `link_volume_delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) Whether the volumes are deleted or not when terminating the VMs.
- `link_volume_device_names` (List of String) The VM device names.
- `link_volume_link_dates` (List of String) The dates and times of creation of the volumes, in ISO 8601 date-time format (for example, `2020-06-30T00:00:00.000Z`).
- `link_volume_link_states` (List of String) The attachment states of the volumes (`attaching` \| `detaching` \| `attached` \| `detached`).
- `link_volume_vm_ids` (List of String) One or more IDs of VMs.
- `snapshot_ids` (List of String) The snapshots from which the volumes were created.
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the volumes.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the volumes.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the volumes, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.
- `volume_sizes` (List of Number) The sizes of the volumes, in gibibytes (GiB).
- `volume_states` (List of String) The states of the volumes (`creating` \| `available` \| `in-use` \| `updating` \| `deleting` \| `error`).
- `volume_types` (List of String) The types of the volumes (`standard` \| `gp2` \| `io1`).

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about one or more volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `link_vm` (Attributes) VM the Volume will be linked to. To unlink a Volume from a VM, the VM will need to be restarded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--link_vm))
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_name` (String) The Subregion in which the volume was created.
- `creation_date` (String) The date and time of creation of the volume.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `iops` (Number) The number of I/O operations per second (IOPS):<br />
- For `io1` volumes, the number of provisioned IOPS<br />
- For `gp2` volumes, the baseline performance of the volume
- `linked_volumes` (Attributes List) Information about your volume attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--linked_volumes))
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume, in gibibytes (GiB).
- `snapshot_id` (String) The snapshot from which the volume was created.
- `state` (String) The state of the volume (`creating` \| `available` \| `in-use` \| `updating` \| `deleting` \| `error`).
- `type` (String) The type of the volume (`standard` \| `gp2` \| `io1`).

<a id="nestedatt--items--link_vm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.link_vm`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) The name of the device. For a root device, you must use /dev/sda1. For other volumes, you must use /dev/sdX, /dev/sdXX, /dev/xvdX, or /dev/xvdXX (where the first X is a letter between b and z, and the second X is a letter between a and z).
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of the VM you want to attach the volume to.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--items--linked_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.linked_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) If true, the volume is deleted when terminating the VM. If false, the volume is not deleted when terminating the VM.
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `state` (String) The state of the attachment of the volume (`attaching` \| `detaching` \| `attached` \| `detached`).
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of the VM.
