---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_vpc_peering Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_vpc_peering (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "source" {
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
}

resource "numspot_vpc" "accepter" {
  ip_range = "10.101.2.0/24"
}

resource "numspot_vpc_peering" "test" {
  accepter_vpc_id = numspot_vpc.accepter.id
  source_vpc_id   = numspot_vpc.source.id
}

data "numspot_vpc_peering" "testdata" {
  ids        = [numspot_vpc_peering.test.id]
  depends_on = [numspot_vpc_peering.test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `accepter_vpc_account_ids` (List of String) The account ID of the owner of the accepter Net.
- `accepter_vpc_ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP range for the accepter Net, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `accepter_vpc_vpc_ids` (List of String) The ID of the accepter Net.
- `expiration_dates` (List of String) The date and time at which the Net peerings expire.
- `ids` (List of String) ID for ReadNetPeerings
- `source_vpc_account_ids` (List of String) The account ID of the owner of the source Net.
- `source_vpc_ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP range for the source Net, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `source_vpc_vpc_ids` (List of String) The ID of the source Net.
- `state_messages` (List of String) Additional information about the state of the Net peering.
- `state_names` (List of String) The state of the Net peering (`pending-acceptance` \| `active` \| `rejected` \| `failed` \| `expired` \| `deleted`).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the DHCP options sets.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the DHCP options sets.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the DHCP options sets, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.

### Read-Only

- `vpc_peerings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadNetPeerings

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--tags))

Read-Only:

- `accepter_vpc` (Attributes) Information about the accepter Net. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--accepter_vpc))
- `expiration_date` (String) The date and time at which the Net peerings expire.
- `source_vpc` (Attributes) Information about the source Net. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--source_vpc))
- `state` (Attributes) Information about the state of the Net peering. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--state))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--accepter_vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.accepter_vpc`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the owner of the accepter Net.
- `ip_range` (String) The IP range for the accepter Net, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the accepter Net.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--source_vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.source_vpc`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the owner of the source Net.
- `ip_range` (String) The IP range for the source Net, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the source Net.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.state`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) Additional information about the state of the Net peering.
- `name` (String) The state of the Net peering (`pending-acceptance` \| `active` \| `rejected` \| `failed` \| `expired` \| `deleted`).
