---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_vpcs Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_vpcs (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "test" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

data "numspot_vpcs" "testdata" {
  ids = [numspot_vpc.test.id]
}

# How to use the datasource in another field
resource "null_resource" "print-datasource-id" {
  provisioner "local-exec" {
    command = "echo data.numspot_vpcs.testdata.items.0.id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dhcp_options_set_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the DHCP options sets.
- `ids` (List of String) The IDs of the Vpcs.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP ranges for the Vpcs, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `is_default` (Boolean) If true, the Vpc used is the default one.
- `states` (List of String) The states of the Vpcs (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting`).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the Vpcs.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the Vpcs.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the Vpcs, in the following format: &quot;Filters&quot;:{&quot;Tags&quot;:[&quot;TAGKEY=TAGVALUE&quot;]}.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) Information about the described Vpcs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `dhcp_options_set_id` (String) The ID of the DHCP options set (or `default` if you want to associate the default one).
- `id` (String) The ID of the Vpc.
- `ip_range` (String) The IP range for the Vpc, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `state` (String) The state of the Vpc (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting`).
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the Vpc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))
- `tenancy` (String) The VM tenancy in a Vpc.

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
