---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_vpn_connections Data Source - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_vpn_connections (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bgp_asns` (List of Number) The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) Autonomous System Numbers (ASNs) of the connections.
- `client_gateway_ids` (List of String) The ID of the client gateway used on the client end of the connection.
- `connection_types` (List of String) The type of VPN connection (always `ipsec.1`).
- `ids` (List of String) ID for ReadVpnConnections
- `routes_destination_ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP range used for the destination match, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/24`).
- `states` (List of String) The state of the VPN connection (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).
- `static_routes_only` (Boolean) If false, the VPN connection uses dynamic routing with Border Gateway Protocol (BGP). If true, routing is controlled using static routes. For more information about how to create and delete static routes, see [CreateVpnConnectionRoute](#createvpnconnectionroute) and [DeleteVpnConnectionRoute](#deletevpnconnectionroute).
- `tag_keys` (List of String) The keys of the tags associated with the vpn connections.
- `tag_values` (List of String) The values of the tags associated with the vpn connections.
- `tags` (List of String) The key/value combination of the tags associated with the vpn connections, in the following format: "Filters":{"Tags":["TAGKEY=TAGVALUE"]}.
- `virtual_gateway_ids` (List of String) The ID of the virtual gateway used on the OUTSCALE end of the connection.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID for ReadVpnConnections

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tags))

Read-Only:

- `client_gateway_configuration` (String) Example configuration for the client gateway.
- `client_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the client gateway used on the client end of the connection.
- `connection_type` (String) The type of VPN connection (always `ipsec.1`).
- `routes` (Attributes List) Information about one or more static routes associated with the VPN connection, if any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--routes))
- `state` (String) The state of the VPN connection (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).
- `static_routes_only` (Boolean) If false, the VPN connection uses dynamic routing with Border Gateway Protocol (BGP). If true, routing is controlled using static routes. For more information about how to create and delete static routes, see [CreateVpnConnectionRoute](#createvpnconnectionroute) and [DeleteVpnConnectionRoute](#deletevpnconnectionroute).
- `vgw_telemetries` (Attributes List) Information about the current state of one or more of the VPN tunnels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vgw_telemetries))
- `virtual_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the virtual gateway used on the OUTSCALE end of the connection.
- `vpn_options` (Attributes) Information about the VPN options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vpn_options))

<a id="nestedatt--items--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--items--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.routes`

Read-Only:

- `destination_ip_range` (String) The IP range used for the destination match, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/24`).
- `route_type` (String) The type of route (always `static`).
- `state` (String) The current state of the static route (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted`).


<a id="nestedatt--items--vgw_telemetries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vgw_telemetries`

Read-Only:

- `accepted_route_count` (Number) The number of routes accepted through BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) route exchanges.
- `last_state_change_date` (String) The date and time (UTC) of the latest state update.
- `outside_ip_address` (String) The IP on the OUTSCALE side of the tunnel.
- `state` (String) The state of the IPSEC tunnel (`UP` \| `DOWN`).
- `state_description` (String) A description of the current state of the tunnel.


<a id="nestedatt--items--vpn_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vpn_options`

Read-Only:

- `phase1options` (Attributes) Information about Phase 1 of the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) negotiation. When Phase 1 finishes successfully, peers proceed to Phase 2 negotiations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vpn_options--phase1options))
- `phase2options` (Attributes) Information about Phase 2 of the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) negotiation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--vpn_options--phase2options))
- `tunnel_inside_ip_range` (String) The range of inside IPs for the tunnel. This must be a /30 CIDR block from the 169.254.254.0/24 range.

<a id="nestedatt--items--vpn_options--phase1options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vpn_options.phase1options`

Read-Only:

- `dpd_timeout_action` (String) The action to carry out after a Dead Peer Detection (DPD) timeout occurs.
- `dpd_timeout_seconds` (Number) The maximum waiting time for a Dead Peer Detection (DPD) response before considering the peer as dead, in seconds.
- `ike_versions` (List of String) The Internet Key Exchange (IKE) versions allowed for the VPN tunnel.
- `phase1dh_group_numbers` (List of Number) The Diffie-Hellman (DH) group numbers allowed for the VPN tunnel for phase 1.
- `phase1encryption_algorithms` (List of String) The encryption algorithms allowed for the VPN tunnel for phase 1.
- `phase1integrity_algorithms` (List of String) The integrity algorithms allowed for the VPN tunnel for phase 1.
- `phase1lifetime_seconds` (Number) The lifetime for phase 1 of the IKE negotiation process, in seconds.
- `replay_window_size` (Number) The number of packets in an IKE replay window.
- `startup_action` (String) The action to carry out when establishing tunnels for a VPN connection.


<a id="nestedatt--items--vpn_options--phase2options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.vpn_options.phase2options`

Read-Only:

- `phase2dh_group_numbers` (List of Number) The Diffie-Hellman (DH) group numbers allowed for the VPN tunnel for phase 2.
- `phase2encryption_algorithms` (List of String) The encryption algorithms allowed for the VPN tunnel for phase 2.
- `phase2integrity_algorithms` (List of String) The integrity algorithms allowed for the VPN tunnel for phase 2.
- `phase2lifetime_seconds` (Number) The lifetime for phase 2 of the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) negociation process, in seconds.
- `pre_shared_key` (String) The pre-shared key to establish the initial authentication between the client gateway and the virtual gateway. This key can contain any character except line breaks and double quotes (&quot;).
