---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_security_group Resource - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_security_group (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "test" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_security_group" "test" {
  vpc_id      = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  name        = "name"
  description = "description"

  inbound_rules = [
    {
      from_port_range = 80
      to_port_range   = 80
      ip_ranges       = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
      ip_protocol     = "tcp"
    }
  ]
  outbound_rules = [
    {
      from_port_range = 455
      to_port_range   = 455
      ip_ranges       = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
      ip_protocol     = "tcp"
    }
  ]

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "name"
      value = "My Security Group"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) A description for the security group.<br />
  This description can contain between 1 and 255 characters. Allowed characters are `a-z`, `A-Z`, `0-9`, accented letters, spaces, and `_.-:/()#,@[]+=&;{}!$*`.
- `name` (String) The name of the security group.<br />
  This name must not start with `sg-`.<br />
  This name must be unique and contain between 1 and 255 characters. Allowed characters are `a-z`, `A-Z`, `0-9`, spaces, and `_.-:/()#,@[]+=&;{}!$*`.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Vpc for the security group.

### Optional

- `inbound_rules` (Attributes Set) The inbound rules associated with the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound_rules))
- `outbound_rules` (Attributes Set) The outbound rules associated with the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_rules))
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

---
**NOTE**

By default when a security group is created on Numspot Cloud it come with a default outbound rule.

In order to be consistent with the plan the provider will remove this rule and require you to define it explicitly if you want it.

---

```terraform
  outbound_rules = [
    {
      from_port_range = -1
      to_port_range   = -1
      ip_ranges       = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
      ip_protocol     = "Any"
    }
  ]
```
### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound_rules`

Optional:

- `from_port_range` (Number) The beginning of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol name (`tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `-1` for all protocols). By default, `-1`. In a Vpc, this can also be an IP protocol number. For more information, see the [IANA.org website](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) One or more IP ranges for the security group rules, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `security_groups_members` (Attributes List) Information about one or more source or destination security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound_rules--security_groups_members))
- `service_ids` (List of String) One or more service IDs to allow traffic from a Vpc to access the corresponding NumSpot services.
- `to_port_range` (Number) The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code number.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound_rules--security_groups_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound_rules.security_groups_members`

Optional:

- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.
- `security_group_name` (String) (Public Cloud only) The name of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.



<a id="nestedatt--outbound_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_rules`

Optional:

- `from_port_range` (Number) The beginning of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol name (`tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `-1` for all protocols). By default, `-1`. In a Vpc, this can also be an IP protocol number. For more information, see the [IANA.org website](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) One or more IP ranges for the security group rules, in CIDR notation (for example, `10.0.0.0/16`).
- `security_groups_members` (Attributes List) Information about one or more source or destination security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_rules--security_groups_members))
- `service_ids` (List of String) One or more service IDs to allow traffic from a Vpc to access the corresponding NumSpot services.
- `to_port_range` (Number) The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code number.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound_rules--security_groups_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_rules.security_groups_members`

Optional:

- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.
- `security_group_name` (String) (Public Cloud only) The name of a source or destination security group that you want to link to the security group of the rule.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.
