---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_direct_link_interface Resource - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_direct_link_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `direct_link_id` (String) The ID of the existing DirectLink for which you want to create the DirectLink interface.
- `direct_link_interface` (Attributes) Information about the DirectLink interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--direct_link_interface))
- `id` (String) ID for /directLinkInterfaces

### Read-Only

- `bgp_asn` (Number) The BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) ASN (Autonomous System Number) on the customer's side of the DirectLink interface.
- `bgp_key` (String) The BGP authentication key.
- `client_private_ip` (String) The IP on the customer's side of the DirectLink interface.
- `direct_link_interface_id` (String) The ID of the DirectLink interface.
- `direct_link_interface_name` (String) The name of the DirectLink interface.
- `interface_type` (String) The type of the DirectLink interface (always `private`).
- `location` (String) The datacenter where the DirectLink interface is located.
- `mtu` (Number) The maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the DirectLink interface, in bytes (always `1500`).
- `outscale_private_ip` (String) The IP on the OUTSCALE side of the DirectLink interface.
- `state` (String) The state of the DirectLink interface (`pending` \| `available` \| `deleting` \| `deleted` \| `confirming` \| `rejected` \| `expired`).
- `virtual_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the target virtual gateway.
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN number associated with the DirectLink interface.

<a id="nestedatt--direct_link_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `direct_link_interface`

Optional:

- `bgp_asn` (Number) The BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) ASN (Autonomous System Number) on the customer's side of the DirectLink interface. This number must be between `64512` and `65534`.
- `bgp_key` (String) The BGP authentication key.
- `client_private_ip` (String) The IP on the customer's side of the DirectLink interface.
- `name` (String) The name of the DirectLink interface.
- `numspot_private_ip` (String) The IP on the OUTSCALE side of the DirectLink interface.
- `virtual_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the target virtual gateway.
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN number associated with the DirectLink interface.
