---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_image Resource - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_image (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Image from image
resource "numspot_image" "image_from_image" {
  name               = "image-from-image"
  source_image_id    = "ami-foobar"
  source_region_name = "cloudgouv-eu-west-1"
  access = {
    is_public = "false"
  }
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "My Image"
    }
  ]
}

# Image from VM
data "numspot_vm" "vm" {
  # ...
}

resource "numspot_image" "image_from_vm" {
  name  = "image-from-vm"
  vm_id = numspot_vm.vm.id
}

# Image from Snapshot 
data "numspot_snapshot" "test" {
  # ...
}

resource "numspot_image" "image_from_snapshot" {
  name             = "image-from-updated"
  root_device_name = "/dev/sda1"
  block_device_mappings = [
    {
      device_name = "/dev/sda1"
      bsu = {
        snapshot_id           = numspot_snapshot.test.id
        volume_size           = 120
        volume_type           = "io1"
        iops                  = 150
        delete_on_vm_deletion = true
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access` (Attributes) Permissions for the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `architecture` (String) **(when registering from a snapshot, or from a bucket without using a manifest file)** The architecture of the Image (`i386` or `x84_64`).
- `block_device_mappings` (Attributes List) **(when registering from a snapshot, or from a bucket without using a manifest file)** One or more block device mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_device_mappings))
- `description` (String) A description for the new Image.
- `name` (String) A unique name for the new Image.<br />
Constraints: 3-128 alphanumeric characters, underscores (`_`), spaces (` `), parentheses (`()`), slashes (`/`), periods (`.`), or dashes (`-`).
- `no_reboot` (Boolean) **(when creating from a VM)** If false, the VM shuts down before creating the Image and then reboots. If true, the VM does not.
- `product_codes` (List of String) The product codes associated with the Image.
- `root_device_name` (String) **(when registering from a snapshot, or from a bucket without using a manifest file)** The name of the root device for the new Image.
- `source_image_id` (String) **(when copying an Image)** The ID of the Image you want to copy.
- `source_region_name` (String) **(when copying an Image)** The name of the source Region (always the same as the Region of your account).
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the DHCP options set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vm_id` (String) **(when creating from a VM)** The ID of the VM from which you want to create the Image.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (String) The date and time of creation of the Image, in ISO 8601 date-time format.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Image.
- `root_device_type` (String) The type of root device used by the Image (always `bsu`).
- `state` (String) The state of the Image (`pending` \| `available` \| `failed`).
- `state_comment` (Attributes) Information about the change of state. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_comment))
- `type` (String) The type of the Image.

<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Optional:

- `is_public` (Boolean) A global permission for all accounts.<br />
(Request) Set this parameter to true to make the resource public (if the parent parameter is `Additions`) or to make the resource private (if the parent parameter is `Removals`).<br />
(Response) If true, the resource is public. If false, the resource is private.


<a id="nestedatt--block_device_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_device_mappings`

Optional:

- `bsu` (Attributes) Information about the BSU volume to create. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_device_mappings--bsu))
- `device_name` (String) The device name for the volume. For a root device, you must use `/dev/sda1`. For other volumes, you must use `/dev/sdX`, `/dev/sdXX`, `/dev/xvdX`, or `/dev/xvdXX` (where the first `X` is a letter between `b` and `z`, and the second `X` is a letter between `a` and `z`).
- `virtual_device_name` (String) The name of the virtual device (`ephemeralN`).

<a id="nestedatt--block_device_mappings--bsu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_device_mappings.bsu`

Optional:

- `delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) By default or if set to true, the volume is deleted when terminating the VM. If false, the volume is not deleted when terminating the VM.
- `iops` (Number) The number of I/O operations per second (IOPS). This parameter must be specified only if you create an `io1` volume. The maximum number of IOPS allowed for `io1` volumes is `13000` with a maximum performance ratio of 300 IOPS per gibibyte.
- `snapshot_id` (String) The ID of the snapshot used to create the volume.
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume, in gibibytes (GiB).<br />
If you specify a snapshot ID, the volume size must be at least equal to the snapshot size.<br />
If you specify a snapshot ID but no volume size, the volume is created with a size similar to the snapshot one.
- `volume_type` (String) The type of the volume (`standard` \| `io1` \| `gp2`). If not specified in the request, a `standard` volume is created.<br />



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--state_comment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_comment`

Read-Only:

- `state_code` (String) The code of the change of state.
- `state_message` (String) A message explaining the change of state.
