---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_listener_rule Resource - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is not implemented yet. Please consider not using it.
---

# numspot_listener_rule (Resource)

This resource is not implemented yet. Please consider not using it.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `listener` (Attributes) Information about the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listener))
- `listener_rule` (Attributes) Information about the listener rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listener_rule))
- `vm_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the backend VMs.

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) The type of action for the rule (always `forward`).
- `host_name_pattern` (String) A host-name pattern for the rule, with a maximum length of 128 characters. This host-name pattern supports maximum three wildcards, and must not contain any special characters except [-.?].
- `id` (Number) The ID of the listener rule.
- `listener_id` (Number) The ID of the listener.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the listener rule.
- `path_pattern` (String) A path pattern for the rule, with a maximum length of 128 characters. This path pattern supports maximum three wildcards, and must not contain any special characters except [_-.$/~&quot;'@:+?].
- `priority` (Number) The priority level of the listener rule, between `1` and `19999` both included. Each rule must have a unique priority level. Otherwise, an error is returned.

<a id="nestedatt--listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener`

Required:

- `load_balancer_name` (String) The name of the load balancer to which the listener is attached.
- `load_balancer_port` (Number) The port of load balancer on which the load balancer is listening (between `1` and `65535` both included).


<a id="nestedatt--listener_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener_rule`

Required:

- `listener_rule_name` (String) A human-readable name for the listener rule.
- `priority` (Number) The priority level of the listener rule, between `1` and `19999` both included. Each rule must have a unique priority level. Otherwise, an error is returned.

Optional:

- `action` (String) The type of action for the rule (always `forward`).
- `host_name_pattern` (String) A host-name pattern for the rule, with a maximum length of 128 characters. This host-name pattern supports maximum three wildcards, and must not contain any special characters except [-.?].
- `path_pattern` (String) A path pattern for the rule, with a maximum length of 128 characters. This path pattern supports maximum three wildcards, and must not contain any special characters except [_-.$/~&quot;'@:+?].
