---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "numspot_nic Resource - terraform-provider-numspot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# numspot_nic (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "numspot_vpc" "vpc" {
  ip_range = "10.101.0.0/16"
}

resource "numspot_subnet" "subnet" {
  vpc_id   = numspot_vpc.vpc.id
  ip_range = "10.101.1.0/24"
}

resource "numspot_nic" "test" {
  subnet_id = numspot_subnet.subnet.id
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "name"
      value = "nic-name"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the Subnet in which you want to create the NIC.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the NIC.
- `private_ips` (Attributes List) The primary private IP for the NIC.<br />
This IP must be within the IP range of the Subnet that you specify with the `SubnetId` attribute.<br />
If you do not specify this attribute, a random private IP is selected within the IP range of the Subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_ips))
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) One or more IDs of security groups for the NIC.
- `space_id` (String) space identifier
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags associated with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone_name` (String) The Subregion in which the NIC is located.
- `id` (String) The ID of the NIC.
- `is_source_dest_checked` (Boolean) (Net only) If true, the source/destination check is enabled. If false, it is disabled. This value must be false for a NAT VM to perform network address translation (NAT) in a Net.
- `link_nic` (Attributes) Information about the NIC attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--link_nic))
- `link_public_ip` (Attributes) Information about the public IP association. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--link_public_ip))
- `mac_address` (String) The Media Access Control (MAC) address of the NIC.
- `private_dns_name` (String) The name of the private DNS.
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) One or more IDs of security groups for the NIC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_groups))
- `state` (String) The state of the NIC (`available` \| `attaching` \| `in-use` \| `detaching`).
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Net for the NIC.

<a id="nestedatt--private_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_ips`

Optional:

- `is_primary` (Boolean) If true, the IP is the primary private IP of the NIC.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP of the NIC.

Read-Only:

- `link_public_ip` (Attributes) Information about the public IP association. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_ips--link_public_ip))
- `private_dns_name` (String) The name of the private DNS.

<a id="nestedatt--private_ips--link_public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_ips.link_public_ip`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) (Required in a Net) The ID representing the association of the public IP with the VM or the NIC.
- `public_dns_name` (String) The name of the public DNS.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP associated with the NIC.
- `public_ip_id` (String) The allocation ID of the public IP.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag, with a minimum of 1 character.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag, between 0 and 255 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--link_nic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `link_nic`

Read-Only:

- `delete_on_vm_deletion` (Boolean) If true, the NIC is deleted when the VM is terminated.
- `device_number` (Number) The device index for the NIC attachment (between `1` and `7`, both included).
- `id` (String) The ID of the NIC to attach.
- `state` (String) The state of the attachment (`attaching` \| `attached` \| `detaching` \| `detached`).
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of the VM.


<a id="nestedatt--link_public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `link_public_ip`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) (Required in a Net) The ID representing the association of the public IP with the VM or the NIC.
- `public_dns_name` (String) The name of the public DNS.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP associated with the NIC.
- `public_ip_id` (String) The allocation ID of the public IP.


<a id="nestedatt--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group.
- `security_group_name` (String) The name of the security group.
